# 12.11.0

## New features

#### Case tags

Tags can be added to a case in order to add extra information to a case. Tags can be displayed in the case list, are shown on the case details page and can be used for searching in the case list.

More information on the case tags can be found [here](../../features/case/tags.md).

#### External start forms

External start forms can be configured for a case type. When configured, the 'create new case' button  will open the configured URL in a new browser tab.&#x20;

#### Carbon

The following components have been updated to use the proper Carbon design system background layers:

* Case search panel
* All case configuration modals

Additionally, the modals to start a case or a supporting process have been changed to the Carbon modal.

## Bugfixes

* Hidden fields in Form.io forms are now ignored when they have the `input` property set to `false`
* Form.io fields, using the `container` property to create new array elements (with the /array/-/ notation) now create one array element per submission instead of one element per field.
* Default values in the currency form.io component are now displayed correctly.
* Currency and IBAN fields were by default required. The default has been changed to not required.

## For developers

#### Retrieve process instances

Two methods have been added to the `processDocumentsService` processbean:

* `getActiveProcessInstanceIds(execution: DelegateExecution): List` retrieves all active process instances for the current case
* `getProcessDefinitionKeysFromActiveProcessInstances` returns a list of the process definition keys that have an active instance for the current case

#### Frontend dev mode

The frontend libraries now supports the npm script `devMode` . DevMode starts a watch on all frontend projects, supporting changes to be rebuilt automatically.

#### Get Objects by index

The `ObjectManagementFacade` and the Objecten API plugin now support retrieving an object record based on the index.

















