# 12.1.0

## New features

#### ZGW - document management

Several improvements have been made on document management:

* The columns in the document list are now configurable. This way, system admins can decide, per case type, which information is relevant for the users to see in the document list. For configuring the document list columns, the new ZGW tab has been added to the case management page. Document list columns are also configurable by using an auto-deployment file. More information on the document list can be found [here](https://docs.valtimo.nl/using-valtimo/zgw/zgw-documents#configuring-the-document-list).
* The Documenten API plugin now supports a version configuration. By selecting the version of the underlying Documenten API standard, additional features can be enabled.
* Based on experimental features in Open Zaak, support has been added to filter and sort the documents. Some columns are sortable and/or filterable, based on the underlying API.
* Tags are now supported for making document management easier:
  * System admins can configure the relevant tags per case type, under the new ZGW tab
  * Users can use the configured tags when adding or changing a document
  * Users can filter the documents based on the tags
  * Configuration of the available tags can also be done by using an auto-deployment file.
* The 'metadata modal', that opens whenever a user uploads a document, has been migrated to the Carbon design.

#### ZGW - resolving zaakresultaat data

Zaakresultaat information can now be retrieved using the `zaakresultaat` prefix. For example: the `zaakresultaat:omschrijving` expression can be used to prefill a field with the description of the Zaakresultaat in a form. More information can be found [here](https://docs.valtimo.nl/reference/modules/value-resolver#zgw-value-resolvers).

#### Intermediate save

While filling in the form for a user task, the user now has the option to intermediate save the form. This feature makes it easier to fill in longer forms, where users can save and navigate away. When re-opening the form, the user can restore the data or choose to discard it. The saved input is user-specific and will not be shared between users.

{% hint style="info" %}
**Note**: to enable the intermediate save feature, the following feature toggle should be set in the Valtimo frontend configuration: `enableIntermediateSave`
{% endhint %}

#### Dashboard widgets

* Two new dashboard datasources have been added. These datasources can be used to retrieve the
* Three additional dashboard widget display types have been added to visualize this data: the donut, the meter and the gauge. The donut can be used to visualize grouped data, either with known and unknown groups. The meter offers the same functionality in a horizontal meter diagram. The gauge visualizes a partial count (e.g.: number of open cases vs total number of cases). More information on dashboard widgets can be found here [here](https://docs.valtimo.nl/reference/modules/dashboard).
* Additionally, date-time expressions are now supported in conditions. Using this, widgets can be configured to show for example the number of cases older than 4 weeks.
* The access control framework now supports dashboards. The `VIEW` and `VIEW_LIST` permissions can be given to users to indicate that they have the right to see the dashboard and the data it shows.

{% hint style="info" %}
To prevent breaking changes, this check is only done when the application property `valtimo.authorization.dashboard.enabled` is set to `true.`
{% endhint %}

#### Security improvement: form flow submission validation

When completing a form that is part of a form flow step, the submission data will now be validated. If the submission contains any data that was not in the form definition, the validation fails and the submission will lead to an error.

{% hint style="danger" %}
Note: this change might lead to form flows no longer working correctly. The form flow submission validation can be disabled by setting the `valtimo.formFlow.doSubmissionDataFiltering` to `false` in the Valtimo backend application properties.
{% endhint %}

#### Task filter

Using the new search fields on the task list, the user can now filter user tasks on case data. Because the task search field are case-specific, the adminstrator can configure the search fields per case-type. More information on the task search fields can be found [here](https://docs.valtimo.nl/using-valtimo/tasks).

#### Carbon updates

* On the case detail page, the case tabs are now shown inline. Additionally, the spacing in the page header has been adjusted.
* The plugin modal, where system admins can add a new plugin or change an existing one, has been migrated to the Carbon design.

## Bugfixes

* When starting a case or when completing a user task, the next user task will now be shown on the summary page without reloading the page. There is now a 7.5 seconds long window in which new user tasks are retrieved. If a user task is created after the 7.5 seconds, it will not be shown on the summary page.
* When sending an email without any whitelisted recipients from a process, an error was thrown.

## For developers - extending Valtimo

#### Carbon list has been extended

* The Carbon list now supports a way to provide additional data to the Carbon list in custom templates. More information can be found [here](https://docs.valtimo.nl/reference/user-interface/list-with-custom-template).
* Tags have been added to the available display types. Tags have a configurable color.
* The context menu now supports disabled items. By disabling an item in the context menu, it is more clear to the user that the action could be available, but is not for the currently selected rows.
* More information on the Carbon list can be found [here](https://docs.valtimo.nl/reference/user-interface/valtimo-carbon-list#valtimo-carbon-list).

#### Form view model

The new Form View Model offers support for interacting with complex forms. Using this feature, the behaviour of the following scenario's can be defined:

* Pre-filling a form
* Changing form data
* Submitting a form

More information on the Form View Model feature can be found [here](https://docs.valtimo.nl/extending-valtimo/form-view-model).
