# 12.2.0

## New features

### Case widgets

* Case widgets are introduced to make visualizing the case data easier. Per case type, one or multiple widget-tabs can be created. On these tabs, widgets can be configured to show the case data.&#x20;
* The following types of case widgets are available:
  * Field (one or multiple simple textfields)
  * Table (a table with one or more columns, showing data from an array of objects)
  * Collection (one or more cards, showing data from an array of objects)
  * Form.io (renders an existing Form.io definition)&#x20;
  * Custom component (shows an Angular component)
* Widgets are configurable in size (S/M/L/XL) and can be configured to show in high-contrast.&#x20;
* Because multiple widget tabs can be created for a case type, administrators can now configure for each case tab whether the task list should be shown.
* Case widgets are also configurable by using an autodeployment file. More information on the case widgets can be found [here](https://docs.valtimo.nl/using-valtimo/case/case-tabs/case-widgets).

### Value path selector

To make configuring a case easier, the value path selector is now available. With this selectbox, adminstrators can select which case property they would like to use in the case list columns, case search fields and in forms. This saves time and leads to less errors in manually constructing the correct path.

### Keycloak integration using OAuth2

Instead of using a Keycloak adapter for Spring, the Keycloak integration can now also be done using standard OAuth 2.0. More information on the required OAuth application properties can be found [here](https://docs.valtimo.nl/using-valtimo/keycloak/configuring-keycloak).

## Bugfixes

* In some cases, the submit button in the form builder was disabled.

## For developers - extending Valtimo

* Support for Cypress has been removed from the frontend libraries, as it was not used.
* Due to a bug in Form.io, custom components would not render correctly in certain scenario's. A workaround has been implemented that fixes this bug:
  * In your `app.module.ts`, import `enableCustomFormioComponents` from the `@valtimo/components` module.
  * Call this function at the top of the constructor of `AppModule` like so:

```typescript
...
import {
    enableCustomFormioComponents,
} from '@valtimo/components';
...

...
export class AppModule {
    constructor(injector: Injector) {
        // make sure this function is called before custom component registration functions
        enableCustomFormioComponents(injector);
        
        registerFormioUploadComponent(injector);
        registerDocumentenApiFormioUploadComponent(injector);
    }
}
```



