# 12.3.0

## New features

#### New process link type: URL

A new way of configuring forms is available: the URL. By configuring a URL process link on a start event or user task, users will be redirected to the configured URL. Using this feature, external forms can be used to start a process or submit a user task.

#### ZGW - filtered document types

When selecting a document type (informatieobjecttype), e.g. when uploading a document, the list of options is now filtered. Only documenttypes are available that:

* are final/published
* have a valid start date that is in the past
* do not have an end date that already passed

## Bugfixes

#### Forms and Form Flows

* When navigating back and forth between Form Flow steps, sometimes the data was stored incorrectly.&#x20;
* When the user clicked the submit button in a Form Flow multiple times, the Form Flow would incorrectly skip one or more steps.
* Form.io datagrid and editgrid components are now prefilled correctly.
* Updated form process links where the form definition has been changed, were not processed correctly.

{% hint style="danger" %}
A known issue might be that, when a user goes back and forth between Form Flow steps, certain data is lost. This is intended behaviour that only occurs when data in previous steps has been changed, potentially affecting data already submitted in later steps.
{% endhint %}

## Extending Valtimo/for developers

#### Updating the Form Flow submission data

Using SpEL expressions, Form Flow submission data can now be changed. More information can be found [here](https://github.com/valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation/blob/next-minor/using-valtimo/form-flow/create-form-flow-definition.md#expressions).\


















