# 12.5.0

## New features

#### Logging

Technical logs are now available for administrators. For every action in, or request to the Valtimo backend, a lot of useful information is logged. This information can be used for debugging or troubleshooting purposes in a production process, or might be relevant for an administrator that is working on a new case configuration. The logs are stored with a loglevel (`TRACE`, `DEBUG`, `INFO`, `WARN` and `ERROR`). In the administrator view, logs can be filtered on level, timestamp or log message.

Logs are cleaned up from the Valtimo database periodically. The retention period can be configured by setting the `valtimo.logging.retentionInMinutes` application property.

{% hint style="info" %}
To be able to view the logs, an item should be added to the menu environment configuration, with the link set to `/logging`
{% endhint %}

#### ZGW - upload documents in parts

The Documenten API plugin now supports a plugin action to upload a document in multiple smaller parts. This is useful when the size of uploaded files is limited, either on the Documenten API or in the infrastructure. Following the Documenten API specs, the documents are 'released' when all parts have been uploaded successfully.

#### ZGW - additional Zaken API plugin properties

The Zaken API plugin now supports additional (optional) properties when creating a zaak

* Description
* Planned end date
* Final delivery date

#### Environment variables in process link autodeployment

Often, process links can contain environment-specific information. E.g., setting a ZGW Zaakstatus contains a URL to the statustype, which is environment-specific. To support this scenario, environment variables are now supported as part of the process link autodeployment file. Placeholders can be added with the following format: `${ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE_NAME}` , and will be replaced on application startup.

## Bugfixes

* In some cases, the session expiry timer did not work correctly.&#x20;
* In some scenario's, the case status was not shown in the case list.&#x20;
* When no form has been linked to a user task, a notification is shown at the top right of the screen
* When no form has been linked to a start event, a notification is shown at the top right of the screen
* While the task form is loading, the button 'configure now' was shown.
* For some plugins, the configuration was not cleared when closing the configuration modal. This caused plugin data to be present in other plugins' configuration components.
* In the scenario the Verzoek plugin has multiple mappings, deleting one of the mappings always caused the first mapping to be removed from the list.
* The lock, indicating that the user does not have permissions to open the task, was not shown in the task list.
* After uploading a Form.io file, the form builder did not reload to show the uploaded definition.
