# 12.14.1

## New features

* Performance improvements for PBAC-related API calls. The SQL query was refactored by replacing `GROUP BY` with `WHERE
  EXISTS`.

<details>

<summary>GZAC edition</summary>

* The Zaken API plugin now supports a plugin action to link a Zaak to other Zaken. The type of the relation can be `vervolg`, `onderwerp` or `bijdrage`.
* The page title of the Object detail page has been removed to be more consistent with the other pages. Instead, the page title shows 'Object details'.

</details>

## Bugfixes

* On the case list, the case tag selector / search field would only show if at least 2 tags were configured instead of 1.
* The modal that opens when starting a case, or starting a supporting process, wouldn't show expanded selectboxes correctly.&#x20;
* When the authentication token of the user didn't contain the `roles` property inside the `realm_access` or `resource_access`, an exception was thrown.&#x20;
* Retrieving a user from Keycloak now uses an exact search, preventing errors when one username is a part of another username.

<details>

<summary>GZAC edition</summary>

* The Document list was not sorted correctly on the column that was configured as initial sort.
* In the process of uploading a Document in parts, the correct lock ID is now used. This would cause errors when using specific DRC's like Alfresco.

</details>

## For developers

<details>

<summary>GZAC edition</summary>

* The Zaken API client now offers a method to update a ZaakRol.
* The BetrokkeneIdentificatie, used for creating, updating and retrieving ZaakRollen, now includes all types: `vestiging`, `organisatorische_eenheid` and `medewerker`

</details>
